README.md, before:

# Intention Timer
Mod 1 Final Group Project


## Table of Contents
  - [Abstract](#abstract)
  - [Technologies](#technologies)
  - [Illustrations](#illustrations)
  - [Install + Setup](#set-up)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)
	- [Wins](#wins)
	- [Challenges + Improvements](#challenges-+-Improvements)
  - [Project Specs](#project-specs)

## Abstract
 The application allows a user to set goals for their health and productivity, tied to an amount of time. Users can select an activity category, set the amount of time they want to spend on that activity, and start the timer. The app logs that activity to keep track of how the user has been spending their time.
 
 Our goals for this project: 
- Gain an understanding of how to write clean HTML and CSS to match a provided comp
- Understand how to implement client-side data persistence using localStorage and JSON
- Understand what it looks like to have a separate data model (using a class) and DOM model
- Incorporate & iterate over arrays in order to filter what is being displayed
- Craft code with clean style, using small functions that show trends toward DRYness and SRP

## Technologies
  - Javascript
	- Git 


## Install + Setup
	- Clone this repo to your local machine and open index.html.


## Contributors
  - [Bei Zhang](https://github.com/lokiandfengshui)
  - [Markus-Xavier](https://github.com/markus-xavier)
  - [Wil Huffman](https://github.com/Wil-Huffman)

## Wins
	- All iterations are running bug free! (as far as we know!)
	- All team members got something out of the project!
  - We made important team decisions together 

## Challenges + Improvements
	- Time zone difference

## Project Specs
  - The project spec & rubric can be found [here](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-1/intention-timer-group.html)

Commit message:

Add github pages link to readme

README.md, after:

# Intention Timer
Mod 1 Final Group Project


## Table of Contents
  - [Abstract](#abstract)
  - [Technologies](#technologies)
  - [Illustrations](#illustrations)
  - [Install + Setup](#set-up)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)
	- [Wins](#wins)
	- [Challenges + Improvements](#challenges-+-Improvements)
  - [Project Specs](#project-specs)

## Abstract
 The application allows a user to set goals for their health and productivity, tied to an amount of time. Users can select an activity category, set the amount of time they want to spend on that activity, and start the timer. The app logs that activity to keep track of how the user has been spending their time.
 
 Our goals for this project: 
- Gain an understanding of how to write clean HTML and CSS to match a provided comp
- Understand how to implement client-side data persistence using localStorage and JSON
- Understand what it looks like to have a separate data model (using a class) and DOM model
- Incorporate & iterate over arrays in order to filter what is being displayed
- Craft code with clean style, using small functions that show trends toward DRYness and SRP

## Technologies
  - Javascript
	- Git 


## Install + Setup
- You can use this app on github pages: https://markus-xavier.github.io/intention-timer/


## Contributors
  - [Bei Zhang](https://github.com/lokiandfengshui)
  - [Markus-Xavier](https://github.com/markus-xavier)
  - [Wil Huffman](https://github.com/Wil-Huffman)

## Wins
- All iterations are running bug free! (as far as we know!)
- All team members got something out of the project!
  - We made important team decisions together 

## Challenges + Improvements
- Time zone difference

## Project Specs
  - The project spec & rubric can be found [here](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-1/intention-timer-group.html)
